[Music]
you
hi guys what we're gonna be cooking
today is an English classic bangers and
mash also a sausage and mash it's an
absolute classic so what I'm gonna be
using is there some sage this is for the
gravy
parsley for some little bit of freshness
I'm gonna use some beer for the gravy
some stock some potatoes strong potatoes
for the mashed potato onion that's for
the onion gravy and some bangers now
guys make sure that you use English
bangers not Italian sausage I mean you
can but you won't have the same effect
if you use proper English bangers and
these are from my butchers so I have to
get cuz I live in Atlanta so we start to
get English bangers from around from so
I've got this butchers and he does it
for me so fantastic so let's get started
okay first of all guys get a saute pan
add some olive oil and what we're gonna
do is gonna Brown the sausages off
give its enemies over that's what you
want like that
[Music]
okay so these grounds on each side so
we'll take them out so guys I've taken
the sausages out and what's left is this
goodness you've got the olive oil
you've got the fat from the sausages and
that will flavor the gravy beautiful so
guys we're gonna make the onion gravy
now all you got to do is slice one on
him
[Music]
okay guys you want to cook these until
they're nice and brown about 15 minutes
so keep staring for the 19th caramelize
and then we'll put the stock in okay
guys as you can see these are at about
15 minutes and the nice bit Brown and
softened so long do and we have a little
bit of flour just to give it some body
pinch then we're gonna cook that out
about one minute just to get rid of that
green in us and this will give a nice
body on the gravy you don't want the
gravy too thick I want my gravy a little
runny but it's up to you
so we'll cook that out one minute and
then we'll add the stock in we have the
stock
next up the beer okay guys I've got the
stock about the beer and what we're
going to do is going to bring that up to
a boil and then we're going to be juice
it for about five minutes so guys what
else I'm going to put in the gravy is
some nice sage so I'm going to shift
anodd the sage roll it up and lightly
slice it and some nice Italian flat-leaf
parsley just woof Lee chopped cause what
dude okay guys the gravy is being
reducing for about five minutes
let's took off the heat one when I had
there's some some sage and some parsley
give that a stir okay next we have the
sausages
and this will make the sausage is very
nice and tender and also I'll give the
gravy a nice flavor cooking with the
sausages and we're going to put that in
the oven
okay guys must be tea they're very very
simple I'm gonna be cooking my potatoes
with the skins on a lot of goodness in
that skin and also make sure that you
cooked your potatoes in big chunks
rather than small chunks so they'll look
like that okay guys when you're on
boiling potatoes make sure your pan is
that you know your pans gonna be big you
know make sure you've got plenty of
water mine's about three quarts up there
and also add a pinch of salt a lot of
people don't put enough water in when
the boiling potatoes then gently just
get your potatoes jump before them
okay guys about all the way through the
cooking process
just turn your your bangers over
[Music]
then put it back in the oven look at
that guy's absolutely fantastic as you
can see you've got the gravy a beautiful
consistency not too thick not too thin
the sausage is a nice and tender cooked
in with the gravy and also the sausages
are flavored that gravy too which is
absolutely beautiful look at that
beautiful that's the consistency that
you want I mean it's personal preference
but you don't want it too thick you know
that's not let list let's have a taste
of this beautiful and taste the sausage
in that gravy and that's very important
you got the caramelized onions in there
which is really nice so let's get on
with the mashed potato
okay guys much potato these are being
drained and then I've put them over the
pot just to get that excess water out
and then we're gonna put them in the pot
and then we're gonna mash them okay I
have my masher and do me a favor don't
do mashed potatoes in a mixer always
mushroom with a masher so let's just
mushroom gently and you don't want to
mushroom too much okay once they're been
mashed add some butter what is personal
preference so my white butter
and then use a wooden spoon and this
what makes them the potato is very
fluffy so just generally give them a
stir okay don't be afraid to put too
much salt in because potatoes a love
song it's very hard to Hoover season
with salt a bit of sage give it a gentle
stir okay guys next I'm adding milk just
to get it smooth just like a little bit
a little bit of milk add that and gently
stir don't all just herb mashed potatoes
[Music]
so there you go guys bangers and mash
absolutely fantastic
happy with the gravy the caramelized
onions was flavors a lot got the
beautiful mashed potato the bangers hmm
give it a go guys you'll love it
thanks guys